yeah my parents and my older brother
coming over to uh go swim in the pool
for Memorial Day that's what it looks
like outside a little bit cloudy but not
too bad this is what we call a little
bit cloudy by the way there was just a
snake like right inside of our thing
here and I came out here to go hunting
for snakes
so you can find where he went I mean he
ran off pretty quick so maybe he's all
alone gone you're around here snake by
the way this is the rest of our property
over here yeah we have the old empty lot
over here I guess he's gone boom well we
also took Jen to get a new shirt today
look at how nice it is
yeah I like it yeah and it's a little
like island effect thing here yeah I
love it
and you also have what I have one that
looks like a watermelon that's not a
watermelon no the other one I thought it
was a pineapple
what color is a pineapple why that
definitely looks like a watermelon let's
hear it for Tim okay so I spent a lot of
the morning trying to research different
light options for the pool we've got a
few things where I can put like lights
around the jet that are powered from the
pump being on but the pumps not on then
they won't work eventually I'm gonna
replace this the entire apparatus is
like 600 bucks hopefully it's just the
bulb that's bed or the transformer
because it would what they do is they
take 120 volts in and then pump out 12
volts to that so that you don't get
shocked in the pool if anything goes
wrong so 12 volts won't shock you
because it's such low amperage I should
mention that a high amperage will shock
you it's not the voltage that shot you
it's the amperage so just keep that in
mind but should be DC 12 volts in there
and that's super safe for being in the
pool mmm-hmm got cheese on them and I
put cheese on type of cheese and then
dump it up looking crazy go get it Henry
yeah that's exciting well over here
Henry look here's the stairs right here
yeah that's a good girl Henry show me
how much you hate this thing thing hey
Henry
you
saddest thing ever is a giant pink
noodle in dragon
later that night crazy for me
yeah
so we had a horde housewarming gift.that
was we thought was just bourbon but
apparently it's beer so we're gonna open
it up and drink it down with my head
were listening to Sweet Caroline
and this is how the night ends up just
me by myself with banner alright then
I'll see you guys tomorrow
now it's time to pay the price